hey everyone this is Luke by the code
i'm back with another video of me
playing a defender side on port valdez
now i am playing with the Recon
inspector de tocqueville last video one
my recent videos anyways and that is the
auto shotty close range recon and I
wasn't gonna post any more videos of me
using this setup but this was one of my
better games so I really had to post it
and I also haven't posted anything a
long time so I figure might as well be
this this round this was a very fast
paced game with a lot of kills so it is
really condensed i mean the the original
round because i joined late was only
something like 13 minutes or something
like that to begin with and plus i got a
whole bunch of kills so this video is
mostly going to be looking at all the
bones to go through each one of the
kills so hopefully hopefully you guys
can follow what's going on I kind of
like the play that I do here so have a
look at what happens one attacker drops
down because they just actually took
both RM comms and I turn around I see
the people chasing me on the radar and I
throw out the nade it's always a good
idea to throw a grenade if there's
people chasing you I corner up in here
and take out a couple guys now it wasn't
very careful with my ammo because if I
was more careful I would have taken out
this last engineer one more shot would
have finished off for sure
the pistol i'm using for this game is
the wreck stuck to the revolver it is
the highest damaging pistol of the game
three shots at close range will be
enough to kill anyone and you'll see me
using it here if I'm gonna go down I'm
going to try and use my pistol there to
try and take going down with me so I
have been meaning to post more bad
company two videos the reason why that
hasn't happened this because i'm waiting
for the patch to come out for pc it's
already out for the console and for the
console so ps3 and 360 it's supposed to
come out for the pc well supposed to
come a little while ago but it obviously
still has it and as a result a lot of
guns are still unbalanced and this part
I swear I did not blow up that c4 I
think it was a grenade that I blew it up
so I got killed by my own c4 anyways so
I mean one of the guns that before
saying our complaining about is the
an-94 tour saying you know that's like
the new m60 after after they buffed it
up in the patch that was applied to the
pc that patch never made its way to the
console so all the guns are still
balanced for the consoles but yeah
I may or may not post a video showing
you guys what the PCA and ninety-four
looks like right now I'll do it if I get
get enough time but yeah so I'm just
waiting I'm just waiting for them to fix
things up the leg has also been getting
a lot worse in fact this is one of the
few games that i could play without you
know rubber banding everywhere and have
people buying around lagging and hackers
have also been an increasing problem at
least at least me I've been seeing more
of those this is something that you
don't want to do is your teammates rob
them of the knife kills I did apologize
to a Dawson eager for that but anyways
yeah I've been noticing a lot more of a
lot more hackers lately at least people
i think are hacking and this part i
don't believe this is happening with i'm
just getting denied my knife kills but
luckily i don't die um so yeah i'm just
waiting for them to hopefully fix up the
hacking problem there are so many uh
there's so many so many sites
advertising hacks for pc bad company two
i don't know i don't i don't know what's
gonna happen i do hope that they try to
put an end to it because you know it's
just no fun to play when it feels like
you know every other server has someone
wallowing and has eyes in the back of
their head especially if you play like
me and you like to you know get behind
enemy lines so we are hopefully i don't
know hopefully hopefully that problem
stops or gets better i kind of doubt it
Oh fingers crossed
so I'm going to get stuck on this tree
and this round is almost over so despite
what i thought was a really excellent
round for me we still we still lose the
mcom you're going to see is going to be
our last time calm and they are going to
blow it up but hopefully you guys can
see how effective the close range of
close range recon recon set up this and
I hope you guys enjoyed the video be
sure to check out my other videos and
subscribe if you guys like what you see
I am trying to you know pump out some
more videos sometime soon trying to make
another video some music in it so
hopefully you guys looking forward to
that going to show you guys the stats at
the end of the round as well as all be
pins that I got I was really hoping to
earn a spin this round but I guess I
came close also close to getting the
most kills but not that either disco
bird took that and it looks like this is
going to be it for today so thanks for
watching until next time I'll see you
guys later